Review of the Getting Started content (#404)
neo4j/docs-getting-started: modules/ROOT/pages/languages-guides/index.adoc

Our community contributors provide drivers for all major programming languages for all protocols and APIs.

> In this section, we provide an introduction and a consistent example application for several languages and Neo4j drivers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section provides an introduction and a consistent example application for several languages and Neo4j drivers.
```

Author: Oh I didn't review these pages yet, just moved them and updated the links after the new structure! But thanks for catching this :)
